Que.1 - what is the Internet? Explain in your own words.
Ans - The Internet is a global network of billions of computers and other electronic devices.                      
With the Internet, it's possible to access almost any information, communicate with anyone else 
in the world, and do much more. You can do all of this by connecting a computer to the Internet, 
which is also called going online.

Que.2 - what is  the web browser? Explain in your own words.
Ans -  A web browser is an application for accessing websites. When a user requests a web page 
from a particular website, the browser retrieves its files from a web server and then displays 
the page on the user's screen. 

Que.3 - what is a browser engine? Explain in your own words.
Ans -  A browser engine is a core software component of every major web browser. The primary job 
of a browser engine is to transform HTML documents and other resources of a web page into an 
interactive visual representation on a user’s device.

Que.4 - what is a static site? Explain in your own words.
Ans - A static website is made up of a fixed number of pre-built files stored on a web server. These 
files are written in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, which are called “client-side” languages because they 
execute in the user’s web browser.

Que.5 - what is a dynamic site? Explain in your own words.
Ans - Dynamic Website is a website containing data that can be mutable or changeable. It uses 
client-side or server scripting to generate mutable content. Like a static website, it also contains 
HTML data.

Dynamic websites are those websites that changes the content or layout with every request to the webserver. 
These websites have the capability of producing different content for different visitors from the same source 
code file. There are two kinds of dynamic web pages i.e. client side scripting and server side scripting. 
The client-side web pages changes according to your activity on the web page. On the server-side, web pages 
are changed whenever a web page is loaded.

Example: login & signup pages, application & submission forms, inquiry and shopping cart pages

